so you want to come to China for
exchange University but you're scared
there's so much that you don't know so
today I'm gonna share with you my
experience as an exchange student at
chin-hua University so you can get
settled in before you even come here and
you know end up being a social outcast
and have no friends today I'm gonna
answer your questions actually it's
mostly from Ninh a honda this is a
question I think you're all thinking in
the back of your head how hard is that
to make friends in China I'll share with
you the answer at the end of the video
watch through the whole thing I'll go
into detail on every aspect of life you
on a previous video she commented what
kind of exchange students are at Ching
hai University are there any English
speakers so ever since I got here and
made friends from Germany France Japan
Korea Canada USA South Africa and my
roommates Pakistani and are there any
English speakers so when you come to
Chinua university as an exchange student
you'll be living in the international
dorm and 90% of the people there speak
English and most local students here
speak basic English because in order to
get in you had to get a good English
exam score next question do the
international students take classes with
the local students no unless you want to
I don't know what major coming to but
for me I mean the business major and
when I came here there were about 11
courses offered in complete English all
these courses if you were to take them
they will be all international students
but if you do understand Chinese the
best thing about their course selection
is that you can choose a course from any
major so right now I'm actually taking
none of their eleven courses in English
and all my courses are in Chinese so all
my classmates are local students for you
it honestly depends which class you take
next question how are the international
students treated at Xinhua is there any
discrimination I would say no
because chin-hua University as I said is
one of the most diverse universities
I've ever been to
even more than Canada where I'm from so
you want experience why you might
experience outside where they just stare
at a white person or just stare at a
black person start taking pictures that
what happened in school so there's no
discrimination here you can make friends
with anyone as I said I have friends
from almost every single country now is
the dorm comfortable I made two videos
one is a dorm puri go check that out if
you haven't seen it and then two is me
answering questions about the dorm but
is it comfortable I don't know let's
give it a test it's not there right here
I mean it's really hard it's not that
comfortable the beds pretty small but uh
it's reasonable I mean it's not bad but
you want to get a mattress the bed is
like really really hard unless you like
that so how hard is it to make friends
in China well actually I'll make a full
video about this later but right now I
can tell you that it's pretty easy
depending on who you are I mean how hard
is it to make friends in the country you
are now but that will tell you how hard
it is to make friends here so you want
people are very friendly you can talk to
anyone and they're willing to help you
out and if you connect a little bit at
the mum we chat and you start talking
ask them to lunch
ask them to dinner and bam friendship
but if you're too shot to do that
there's actually a formal buddy program
for international exchange students so
that means you as an exchange student
will be set up with a local student
before you even come and you guys will
add each other on WeChat and this is
your local buddy who will show you
around from my experience and my friends
experiences it's usually meet these
people like two to three times max
beginning and and just phase this out
but these local buddies are really
helpful me in the beginning because they
show you around and they tell you
different things that you shouldn't have
so take advantage of it honestly here's
my tip to you in the beginning all these
international students are all looking
to make friends so if you just talk to
them they're more than happy to be your
friend everyone is thinking the same
thing am I just gonna be alone forever
and you don't have to be just take the
first step the first friend I met you I
was in line for registration and I heard
her so I'm like yo you speak perfect
English we need to be friends now and
after that we became really good friends
her name is Jessica
so in this go it's not that harder to
make friends hopefully by now you're
more acquainted with the exchange
experience in Shanghai University and in
China it's mostly the same between the
universities also I give you a tip on
how to make friends I think that's your
biggest fear right let's talk to people
in line at the beginning of this
semester so now here's a couple more
things to do so you don't feel lost when
you come here first it's to watch dorm 4
video to know what type of dorm you want
to live in and secondly if you found
everything helpful so far subscribe to
this channel so you get up-to-date
information on everything I learned here
so you don't have to learn the hard
lessons yourself and lastly I want you
to do one more thing
comment below what other questions do
you have for me the next video will be
determined by you so comment below
my name is half ago and I'm home again
I'll see you next time peace out
[Music]